Hey James — got a minute?
I was actually looking for you.
Sure, what's up?
The pilots went better than we expected.
The design team's assistant is saving them hours
each week, and the player-journey model is already
improving retention.
Congratulations!
Now the real work begins.
That's exactly why I came to see you.
The time has finally come to scale these solutions
and implement real changes in how we operate systems,
roles, and workflows.
I've identified a few enablers that could help, but
I'm not sure where to start.
What about you?
We need to better integrate AI with our existing
platforms.
There's also a lot to do on the business side — we
need to make sure AI reaches more players, markets,
and functions.
Finally, we should strengthen our data pipelines
and monitoring systems to track model performance.
Got it!
We're also looking at enablers to make this scale-up
stick, but I'm not sure where to begin.
Start with the foundations to make AI work: APIs
and data pipelines connecting our internal systems,
proper access controls, and a production-ready environment
to manage models and prompts.
In parallel, prepare the rollout — a simple adoption
plan, and transparent performance metrics: delivery
speed, player satisfaction, and adoption by the teams.
Alright, there is a lot on our plate.
Timing matters and budget is tight, so we can't do
everything at once.
Welcome to my world Sophie !
You'll have to phase it and decide which initiatives
matter most now.
Perfect.
Let me think about the top priority enablers and
loop you in for the integration stream.
Count me in.